Attendees: Tom Arnold, Binhua Lin, Adrian Rennie, Andrew McCluskey, Thomas Saerbeck, Francesco Carla

What should the scope of this working group be?

  1.  Organization of meetings?
     *   Org of that sort should be a shared thing, Oct meeting was a smaller one, in the future the working group should try to do more outreach instead of just organizing meetings.
     *   This workshop is the result of the activities for ORSO org meeting
     *   Tom A. took the responsibility to organize the meeting
     *   Tom S. meetings should be organized generally, this org does belong to this org., you don't have to do all the work, but asking others to do that,
     *   Andrew--should spread the responsibility by other working groups
     *   Tom A. require consensus from others to organize, organizing because organizing SXNS-16, if we can other working groups to agree to spread the responsibility would be great.
  2.  SXNS-in the future

Adrian--in conjunction with other groups, in the long run, have some meetings with just particular groups, focus on one topic,

Education--present the work to a conference may not be the best way,

Area in their group every 3 months, and the big one every year, and go with the SXNS- meetings, and work into the conference agenda,

  1.  Website management
     *   Run it like a Wiki, require people to edit it, but need a person to maintain it--Adrian has a wonderful website,
     *   Adrian--need to define a community before design website, e.g. file format, you need to speak their language, try to identify the groups and try to set a goal and work out how you can do that, these are important before getting into the technicality.
     *   Goal--to define what we should put on the website. Right now we have various pages designed for different interests.  Our goals of the website are for the novice, not technical oriented
     *   What is the question--who maintains it? We don't have money, how do we maintain it--charge to use it or free?
     *   Andrew == Domain (Github) $20/year, domain cancer.org<http://cancer.org>, don't want to be owned by any facility/institution.  Then there are the working group.  People will have to volunteer to edit. Need people who can write.
  2.  Dissemination--what should we do, where should be we link to get a better google rating, and going to conferences to promoting it?
     *   Francesco--right now we donâ€™t have a lot of stuff yet,
     *   Tom A. how do we reach out to different facilities
     *   Tom S. need time and progress to establish this group, now only 6 months, should have a goal but don't overreach.  For people who can do this need to know how to contribute to this website. The structure of this web is not bad but can provide more info to contribute.
     *   Tom A. website should provide links such as lectures on reflectometry from other places,
     *   Andrew--have several action items, such as his lecture on reflectometry, etc.


  1.  Funding-- where can we get funding for?
     *   Adrian-- Github $20/year, what level of funding? What is it for--what difference would it make, etc., cost money to bring people together, why not facilities pay for it?  Need to work out what it is for, and the purpose and where to get it?
     *   Tom A. biggest spending--bring people together,
     *   Adrian--SAXS community--so far not having any budget to get people together, make difficult for a few people but most people it will be fine.  If you set the expectations then you will have to do that, but if you make it clear that you have to support yourself then they will come up with money.
     *   Andrew--running the risk that people from facility support can attend.  It is hard for junior level to come.
     *   Tom A. just grant for junior level people.
     *   Tom S. what do you want to achieve.  Satellite meetings are easier, but stand alone--what's the theme, business meeting or reflectometry meeting?
     *   Maintaining website is small budget--SXNS can pay for it.
  2.  LOGO
     *   Andrew--it is fair to open it up to everybody--send it out for everybody to vote
     *   Tom A. provide a choice, having a choice.
