---
layout: page
title: "Education and Outreach 1b Minutes"
permalink: /workshop_2020/education_outreach_1b_minutes
---

Attendees: Tom Arnold, Artur Glavic,  Phillipp Gutfreund,  Brian B Maranville, ...


- How to meet in the future? What is the part of this working group for it?
  - Maybe money for a in-person meeting from PSI
  - Attach to SXNS or other in the future?
  - Widest reach across x-ray and neutron communities
  - A little x-ray focused, but maybe self enhancing
  - LINXS or other shared society workshop? Could be to unfocussed and small.

- Meetings help to spark progress in all aspects
- Should the Education and outreach still be responsible for organizing meetings?
  - No, should be shared amongst workgroups. 
  - Would maybe require clearer association to working groups on website.
  - We could initiate that process.
- Organization of online meetings
	- Hard to schedule with different time zones
	- Are there ideas how to better do it?
- Meeting frequency and time
	- Linking to conference is a good idea, SXNS seems the best choice
	- Have part of meetings online?
	- More then once a year in person maybe not feasible.
	- Having focused meetings separately by VC should help. Maybe every 3 Months
- Education and outreach, the scope of this workgroup
  - Out facing content
	- Is definitely part of the scope of the workgroup to manage the website
	- How to maintain a website? Easiest as kind of Wiki so everyone can contribute.
	- Resources for people like references and things to put on other websites
  - Being a central point to start research on the subject
	- Add list of references and textbooks
	- Promote programs which follow our guidance, but encourage others to join.
	
-	What is our outreach scope?
	- Just reach reflectometrists with results from other ORSO groups?
	- Try to expand user base? Maybe not. 
- Link to e.g. PANOSC but donâ€™t put much effort.
- Get others to link us for related content, e.g. software of analysis.
- Publicize the importance of reproducibility etc.
	
- Funding applications?
	- We need some kind of funding, e.g. for website and in-person meetings.
	- Nice to not tie it to a facility. 
	- Travel seems not great to spend money on but should be payed by institutes of attendees. But can be problematic for e.g. ANSTO employees.
	- Stand alone meetings would probably be too expensive.
- How do we make decisions in the group
	- Too much agreement will slow context addition to the website. Maybe everybody should just add content. What happens on disagreement?
- Keep it open
- Separate ORSO approved content (standards etc.) and information content.
- ORSO, logo
- Should be recognizable, bear pretty good idea
- Maybe make a survey
- Deadline for submitting design, June 30
- Great if other ideas are proposed.
